**Survey data**

Data is collected and analyzed only within the framework of scientific
research and only for the following purposes:

1. to carry out research and data analysis focused on the spread of
infectious diseases in Estonia and Europe,

2. to publish the results of the statistical analysis, including
presenting the results as graphical outputs,

3. providing research participants, or users, with information about the
results of the research (for example, how many of the registered users
suffer from the flu or some other infectious disease).

For the aforementioned purposes, we may process the following personal
data:

1. demographic data, zip code of home and workplace, data on family
composition,

2. background information that increases the risk of an infectious
disease, such as data on existing health conditions (data that indicate
belonging to a risk group, which is why it is advisable to get
vaccinated against influenza and/or SARS-CoV-2), data on employment and
lifestyle,

3. data on symptoms reported on a weekly symptom questionnaire.

Encrypted data collected as part of the study will be processed by
University of Tartu researchers, and your encrypted data may be
processed by other researchers only with the permission of University of
Tartu researchers. We confirm that the processing of personal data is
carried out in accordance with the applicable laws, respecting your
rights and data privacy.

The researchers are: Professor Irja Lutsar from the
University of Tartu [*irja.lutsar@ut.ee*](mailto:irja.lutsar@ut.ee),
and
Associate professor Kristi Huik
[*kristi.huik@ut.ee*](mailto:kristi.huik@ut.ee)


**Study participation**

After registration, you will receive an invitation to answer the
questionnaire by e-mail every week. Your participation in this study is
voluntary and you may withdraw from the study at any time without
reason.

The study is funded by the European Union and has received approval from
the competent ethics committee. The fact that the study is funded by the
European Union and approved by the ethics committee should not pressure
you to participate in the study.