**1. What data are collected and processed during the study?**

The personal data that are collected and processed are data about your
health and medical condition, including your medical history, some
background information (e.g., your age, gender, etc.) and information
about medical care you have sought, and your vaccination history.

Only the technical data of your device (computer/smart device)
contacting the website is saved in the log data. Log data is collected
for monitoring infrastructure and quick resolution of technical errors.

**2. How will the researchers treat my personal data?**

The researchers of University of Tartu who analyse your data will only
have access to non-identifiable data. The data will be encrypted and
pseudonymized by the following method:

The database administrator (the administrator of the database is the
technical team of Istituto per l'Interscambio Scientifico (ISI)
Influenzanet)will never disclose your identity (email address), and
he/she will encrypt your data (replace your identity in the study with
an identification code) before the researchers analyse your data. Your
identity will therefore not be used in a scientific publication or
presentation.

This means that the database administrator, under the responsibility of
the study leaders, will be the only person able to link your identity
(email address) to the data communicated during the study, with the
exceptions mentioned in section 6. The data that the researchers analyse
will not allow them to identify you. However, if necessary, it is
possible for the University of Tartu, as the responsible investigator
and data owner, to request the code key from the ISI administrator to
access personalized data.

**3. What will happen to the information about me that is collected
during the study?**

Your participation in the study means that your personal data

-   will be collected, and

-   will be used in an encrypted form by the researchers.

The researcher and the sponsor may only use the encrypted personal data
for the specific research purposes described earlier.

In addition, the sponsor may grant external researchers (who are not
involved in this study) access to the encrypted data. If an external
researcher wishes to use the data in research not yet described in this
document, this research must be approved by an Ethics Committee.

**4. How will my data be processed?**

Your study data will be processed in accordance with the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Estonian data protection law of 21
December 2018. The sponsor is the controller with responsibility for
this.

Your pseudonymized data will be stored and processed in Google Cloud by
the researchers of University of Tartu. Your crypted data can be
processed by other researchers only if permitted by researchers of
University of Tartu.

The grounds on which we are allowed to process your personal data are
that we are conducting scientific research and that you have given your
consent.

**5. Can I access and correct my data that have been collected and
processed during the study?**

You have the right to ask the researchers what data about you have been
collected and what they are used for in this study. Resposible
researchers are: professor Irja Lutsar <irja.lutsar@ut.ee> ja associated
professor Kristi Huik <kristi.huik@ut.ee>

You have the right to

-   access and check these data

-   have all your data deleted

-   request correction if they are incorrect

-   restrict the processing of your data

-   oppose the processing of your personal data

-   withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data. Your
    personal data, collected before the withdrawal of consent, will be
    stored to ensure the results obtained during your participation and
    their interpretation (and, if necessary, for decisions at the
    national level based on these data). This is necessary in order to
    obtain/keep as much data as possible, which would be comparable to
    future changes

**6. What will happen to the results of the study?**

Interim results of the study are published regularly on our website.
Further, during the study results and description of the study will be
published in specialized medical journals. A copy of the scientific
publication will be published on the website and will be available from
the researcher or study personnel.

These websites or publications will not contain any information by which
you can be identified.

**7. Will my data be used for purposes other than the study in which I
am participating?**

The results of the study will only be used to answer the scientific
questions in this study. Any additional or future research outside the
study must always be approved by a recognised Estonian Ethics Committee.

**8. For how long will my data be kept?**

Personal identifiable data (contact data, IP address logs) will be
stored for 2 years and 7 months (1 year after the end of the study
October 2026). Longer-term storage is necessary during the phase of data
cleaning and error correction, which may also occur in the data entered
at the end of the project. To do this, it may be necessary to go back to
personal identifiable information. The code key is stored for 2 years
and 7 months (ie 1 year after the end of the study October 2026).

After the end of the study, your pseudonymized data will be stored for
at least 25 years (October 2051) in order to perform more precise
analyzes (based on age or geographical distribution) and compare the
dynamics of changes in the future, if necessary. This need may arise
when real-time changes are seen (a new, mutated, so-called old
respiratory virus with new symptoms) and compared with the changes that
have occurred in the country over time. For example, it is known that
influenza epidemics are periodic, and the monitoring of symptoms can
give an indication of changes in the virus, and as a result, different
measures can be taken as needed.

**Modification of privacy policy**

This privacy policy may be modified. If this happens, we will publish
the modifiedÂ privacy policy and informed consent form.